The Joe Rogan.
Experience.
I read a really disturbing thing today and I'm not even sure if it's true.
So we should find out right now, click click.
Did the CDC stop tracking flu deaths for this year?
Because this is what I read.
And it might have been some wacko right wing website that I was on <laugh> so
you never know, but, um, I was like, the,
this can't be true because the real concern is that the CDC tracks flu and they
find out that flu is lower or the same as COVID and why we're making a big deal
outta COVID. And then, you know, people right in the streets. That's why people.
Can't, it's hard to tell who to trust. It's hard. You see? Yeah.
To politicians and you see, uh, you don't trust either side and you,
everyone trying to make a power grab and use this as a way to make power or hurt
an opponent or whatever it is. Exactly. And even with, uh, yes, CDC,
you don't know there world health organization, you obviously can't tell there.
You can't trust information coming out of other countries.
So people at home are just like, what do I, what do I do safest thing to do?
It's just to stay where I am, but you don't know who to trust. That's.
It's very hard.
It's very hard to figure out who to trust and doctors are giving dispar.
What do we got on their website?
I'm seeing information, uh, updated as of last week.
April 18th for flu deaths.
For like it's on the CDC, weekly flu surveillance. I mean, it's all the flu.
Information I could. So how many people have died this year from the flu? Um.
I have to dig three here to find that information on.
A second, because, um, the COVID deaths or what is it at now?
55,000. I think something like that for this country. Yeah.
I think it's more right. Maybe 60,000 now closing in on that. Yeah.
Which is not a small number. It's a lot of people, but then you find out that,
that that's a bad year for the flu that's normal,
but obviously this year we've locked everybody down worldwide
even. And you know, there's, there's,
there has to be a slower spread because of this quarantining and because this
social distancing, so you're, I would, uh,
imagine you're getting far lower numbers than they would've gotten if everybody
had just gone out into the streets. Oh.
Yeah, yeah, no doubt about that, but no doubt for, for flu. Uh,
this is my understanding because in that fourth novel that I'm writing right
now, I was deep into the study of infectious diseases. Perfect.
You perfect timing.
Right? It's crazy. Uh, and then how you weaponize those infectious diseases, uh,
what the Japanese did prior to world war II in that space,
how they used them in world war II against the Chinese.
What happened to that data afterward after the war? Uh,
the Soviet pro from the end of world war II, up to the collapse,
what happened to that information?
And then our programs today from the end of world war II up to and continuing
through today. So I was, I was keyed to all that ahead of time.
And so it made me a little kind of hypersensitive to this.
I'd been talking to doctors,
people that had worked in that space doing my research. Uh,
but from obviously I'm not a doctor, uh,
but from what I've studied,
the difference here is that the incubation period. So for us,
so in the military, we go overseas and now we're fighting in surgeons.
And what do they look like?
Will they look like the people that aren't in surgeons? Uh,
what does that car look like? That's pulling up to this, uh, this checkpoint.
It looks like the one that didn't have a V B I D in it,
or is that one looking a little low on the suspension?
So they're not in a uniform. They're not driving a military type vehicle.
So same with this. It's,
it's like an insurgent that's adapted and it's adapted to those other diseases
and how we fought them.
And it's adapted by the incubation period by that nine is so the flu,
you get the flu you're down, you know, you shouldn't go into work.
If you show up at work, someone's like, bro, go home.
You look like you look horrible, get outta here. You're gonna infect everybody.
You don't know that with COVID 19. So you go out there for this nine days,
whatever it is. And you're infecting people during that timeframe.
So it's like that insurgent, that hides amongst, amongst the populace,
it's the same type of thing. Like if adapt to it, SARS was different.
Flu is different. All these other ones have been different.
And that's the adaptation of this one is that you go out and you infect other
people without knowing it. So that's the difference between it and the flu.
So it, it's a hard thing to wrap your head around when you just look at numbers.
Um, but it, but there is a difference in that, uh, flu, you're staying home,
you're sick.
You know, it's, it's really in a lot of ways,
it's a perfect way to spread a virus because there's a,
there's a video game that my wife plays. She used to play. Doesn't play anymore.
Now that this is going down, but it was a, a virus video game. Really.
You send a virus throughout the world. And the,
the key is if you make your virus too strong, it's a video game.
You play in your, I iPad outta your phone. If you make the virus too strong,
it kills people too quickly. And then it doesn't spread.
So the way you get a virus everywhere is you have one that sits in your system
for a little bit,
and it's just weak in the beginning and slowly spreads its way across the world.
And that's essentially what, this is in a lot of ways, but this is this one.
So weird, man. I mean,
the Newsweek actually had a story yesterday saying that they think it came from
a lab. So now that, that theory of whether or not it came from a laboratory,
I think I tweeted it. I think I tweeted it. So you could find it on,
on my Twitter page, but I was reading it yesterday. I'm like, okay, Newsweek,
not really, uh, sensationalistic publication, right?
When they're publishing some like that, you gotta go, Hmm.
Probably something to this. And there's a lot of speculation. I mean,
it's not so hard to imagine. I mean, you're,
you're talking about something that literally was a few blocks from the
epicenter in Wuhan where they had that level four lab.
Right? So the deal is with, uh, like the video game your wife was playing. Um,
and that, that the goal of that game, it sounds like was to infect the world to,
to kill the world. But if that's not your goal, game game. If you have <laugh>,
if you have a goal and you want your country to survive,
then you don't want it to become exactly a global pandemic. Yeah.
You want it to hit the city, the country,
whatever geographic area you want to hit with a weaponized, uh,
infectious disease. You want it to burn out in that city.
So instead of going over and dropping bombs on it, like, uh, like world war II,
uh, like fire bombing dressed in, or, or whatever else or Tokyo, uh,
and just destroying those cities. Well, you know what, after the war,
you can go in with an infectious disease and you know,
it's burned out and there's no damage. Yeah. Um,
but you don't want it to spread throughout the whole world and come back to your
own country. Uh,
so when I first looked at this and I heard about Wuhan and I heard that there
was a, I don't say, not a weapons lab maybe, but maybe it's a weapons lab. Um,
but at least a lab doing research in infectious diseases,
a couple miles from these wet markets where they're saying that this thing broke
out, um,
there are cases in the former Soviet union of them doing these,
this research into infectious diseases and weaponizing it,
and then having it get out because of protocols weren't followed or whatever
else, and kills a few people. And they hush hush it cuz it's, uh,
in 1960 something or 1970 something. Uh,
so there is precedent and it wouldn't be beyond the,
beyond the pale to think that, oh,
someone was doing some sort of research and it doesn't even have to be
weaponization. It can just be, they're just studying this infectious disease,
not even weaponizing it.
And someone contracts it somehow in that lab and then brings it outside.
Yeah. That's the controversial theory. So here's the thing,
the controversial experiments in Wuhan lab suspected of starting the coronavirus
pandemic and says the case against a Wuhan lab. And so, uh,
it says why the Wuhan lab remains a suspect in the coronavirus investigation.
I mean, it's really likely that we never really will know. Right.
But they most certainly were working on viruses similar to this one,
right there. Yeah. The end.
Of this article says there's another one called, uh,
rat R ATG 13, which is very, very similar it to the SARS.
COVID two one that we're experiencing now. Oh, terrific.
They share 96% of the same genetic material.
Yeah. Wow. It's not to be the most similar to SARS. COVID two, uh,
of any known virus, the two share 96% of their genetic material.
That 4% gap would still be a formidable gap for animal passage.
Research says round of Barrack virologists, university of North Carolina,
probably in bed with the Russians mm-hmm <affirmative> who collaborated with,
like, when you found out that a Harvard guy got arrested that, uh,
cuz he was, uh, taking money from Russia or excuse me,
taking money from China cuz he was uh, doing something with them. Yeah.
I mean it's real spooky.
What's really spooky is the world health organization is essentially in bed
with, with China. Yeah.
And they're not giving us a hundred percent clear detailed information.
Everything gets filtered down through the Chinese propaganda system. Oh sure,
sure. Very.
Dangerous. And they also were exceedingly, we, we don't know the numbers. Right.
And we can't trust China,
but it seems like they were a little more prepared for this than we were a uh,
with so far as testing kids goes and all that.
So if you're doing re if there's a lab where you're doing research similar to
this close by there there's a history, uh, of other countries,
maybe even China too, of doing research into infectious diseases,
not following protocols that we would here in the United States or not all as,
as safe as they are shocker here in the United States where we're doing the same
type of research, then it gets out and then they just happen to have, uh,
a lot of these kits ready to go for testing. Um, I don't know.
Yeah.
Well in 2018 they were actually cited for violating safety protocols at that
same lab in 2018. So they were, there were,
there were concerns about that area long before,
but what's really up is the world health organization posted in January that
according to China,
there is no evidence of person to person transmission of this disease.
This is days after they knew for sure it was
being transmitted from person to person.
So China has been deceptive about this from the very beginning.
And they think that if they were honest about it and that they,
they stopped everybody from leaving, it could have covered,
they could have covered this in the point where it would've been 95% less.
I saw that. Yeah. 95% less people would've gotten infected. Yeah.
Just lock down Wuhan to deal with it there as much as you can. Anyway,
let the rest of the world know. I mean, looking back that seems like,
but you're dealing with China, same thing. You're dealing with Russia.
You're dealing with some of these other.
Countries like that. China seems the worst. It seems like the worst.
<Laugh> it does seem that way. It's a perfect storm. It.
Seems like.
But the way they handle their own citizens when their citizens are testing
positive, is this horrible video.
This family being dragged out by these people in hazmat suits and they're trying
to resist these people are dragging them away cuz they tested positive. Oh.
Yeah. Once again, that government taking a little more control, more control,
little more control. Exactly.
And we're just giving it up and we give up so much. And even before this,
obviously we gave up so much information about ourselves voluntarily. Uh,
we would, let's say in the fifties, sixties, seventies, eighties,
we never would've given up and now we're like, oh click accept. And now bam,
there you go. I awesome. I can post a picture or whatever it is, you know,
this is fun. I can communicate with my friend.